Tim Davis: There are several things that make The UPS Store exceptional.
Tim Davis: First is it's a proven business model that's been working over 35 years.
Tim Davis: Secondly, we have the power of the UPS brand, a world recognized, world class brand.
Micehlle Van-Slyke: It is a brand that has a great deal of strength in the marketplace, a wonderful reputation,
Micehlle Van-Slyke: so virtually the minute you open your doors you have visibility in the market place.
Chris Adkins: The strength of this brand and the shield we carry on our sign is one of the most recognizable brands in the world.
Chris Adkins: And I think that attracts a lot of people to the brand just because of that.
Micehlle Van-Slyke: There are several key factors that really distinguished The UPS Store from other business or other franchises that someone can purchase
Micehlle Van-Slyke: Um, the best part really is that you get to be that independent business owner,
Micehlle Van-Slyke: which is what attracts people to franchising in the first place. However with The UPS Store
Micehlle Van-Slyke: we offer a really comprehensive program and you also get the backing of all of our resources,
John & Marie McKinney: We joined the ups network after doing research around a lot of different brands and the UPS really had what
John & Marie McKinney: we were looking for with our priorities of having a better quality of life and work life balance is something
John & Marie McKinney: that we can do together as a family um, we knew we wanted a brand that was strong and reputable and
John & Marie McKinney: be proud of and be apart of and um, we wanted a small team um that we could work with, and of course we wanted a good return on our investment
John & Marie McKinney: and UPS really fit all the objectives that we were looking for and going into business for ourselves
Tim Davis: The gap The UPS Store fills in the market place is that we are a full service one stop shop for small businesses customers.
Michelle Van-Slyke: Small business owners need help and support with their business which we clearly provide,
Michelle Van-Slyke: it doesn't matter if we're providing a real street address with a mailbox or providing printing services.
Tim Davis: Another item that makes The UPS Store exceptional is that our owners work this business from their heart.
Tim Davis: They're involved in their communities. We support the Toys for Tots literacy program with them on a
Tim Davis: national basis and our stores individually support local community charities and events all over the country.
Heidi Morris :  I feel that this franchise is so successful because of the UPS brand and what it tells our customers
Heidi Morris : and what type of service they are going to get with in the store the other part that makes our franchise
Heidi Morris : so successful are the people that own the franchises.  it's not a corporate it's that person's livelihood
Heidi Morris : it's their families, it's their passion and that comes through in how we treat our customers and then
Heidi Morris : the service that they get when they walk into our store
Jim Hillquist: Our corporate philosophy is that you're not alone- and we believe that we need to support our
Jim Hillquist: franchisees because when they're succesful, we're successful. You know we've been in this business for a long time,
Jim Hillquist: 30+ years, and we know a lot of things that a lot of franchisees doesn't. We want to share
Jim Hillquist: that information, we want to give everybody an opportunity to be successful, and that's why we say
Jim Hillquist: you're not alone because we're in there with you to try to make the best we can out of your store.
Paul Erchinger : There are several things that I think makes The UPS Store so successful.
Paul Erchinger : Probably first among them in my mind is one of the reasons I was drawn to this business in the first place,
Paul Erchinger : and that's the brand identity, the UPS logo, the respect, uh that goes along with that. Uh, secondly,
Paul Erchinger : is the great support that as an owner I get from the corporate headquarters, I get everything from
Paul Erchinger : training to advertising and marketing, from purchasing, I just feel like every need I might have there
Paul Erchinger :  is someone to call or email if I need that support
Michelle Van-Slyke: The UPS Store model provides a lot of support and resources for our store owners,
Michelle Van-Slyke: our franchisees. In the marketing arena we do it in a number of ways, um #1 we have national advertising
Michelle Van-Slyke: we cover off from TV advertising to print, radio, certainly the digital space. Our number 1 goal is to drive customers into the stores everyday
Michelle Van-Slyke: Uh #2, we have co-ops, so we have cooperatives of our franchisees to do, I'll call it more community advertising,
Michelle Van-Slyke: And #3, we have great resources so our store owners can do their own
Michelle Van-Slyke: advertising on a local level. We have an online site where they can get um advertising materials
Michelle Van-Slyke: and even if we don't have it, we're happy to make a custom material as well, so really a lot of
Michelle Van-Slyke: resources all intended to drive customers into our stores.
Chris Adkins: The franchise opportunities is really what the franchise prospect wants it to be. The franchisee can come
Chris Adkins: into our network and own one store, or they can come into the network with the opportunity to own many stores.
Kevin Foley: New franchisees get a comprehensive level training when they join the network. Included in that training is,
Kevin Foley: web based trainings, or WBTs, experience in a store and then we also have a university in San Diego
Kevin Foley: and of course you know all of the operational experience that goes along with it.
Chris Adkins: The ideal candidate for a person that wants to enter The UPS Store franchise
Chris Adkins: as a small business owner is someone that loves working with people, and be able to follow a proven system.
Chris Adkins: We love owners with an entreprenuerial spirit and we want franchise prospects to come to our business
Chris Adkins: and want to be able to be in business for themselves, but no by themselves.
Ashwin Narayan  : Making money is great in this business, but the actual feeling for when, you get for helping
Ashwin Narayan  : a customer out is just very fulfilling. You know that you've helped someone succeed, passed on that
Ashwin Narayan  : entreprenurial spirit to somebody, and uh, that's the greatest feeling in the world.